docs/library/cohesity_job.md, before:

# Cohesity Protection Job

[Go back to Documentation home page ](../README.md)

## Table of Contents
- [Synopsis](#synopsis)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Syntax](#syntax)
- [Examples](#examples)
  - [Create a new Physical Server File based Protection Job](#Create-a-new-Physical-Server-File-based-Protection-Job)
  - [Create a new VMware Server Protection Job](#Create-a-new-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Create a new VMware Server Protection Job for a set of VMs](#Create-a-new-VMware-Server-Protection-Job-for-a-set-of-VMs)
  - [Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job](#Remove-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job and remove all Backups](#Remove-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job-and-remove-all-Backups)
  - [Start an existing VMware Server Protection Job](#Start-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Stop an actively running VMware Server Protection Job](#Stop-an-actively-running-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Exclude VMs from an existing VMware Server Protection Job](#Exclude-VMs-from-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Create a protection job to protect a Cohesity view](#Create-a-protection-job-to-protect-a-Cohesity-view)
  - [Create a GenericNas protection job](#Create-a-GenericNas-protection-job)
  - [Add new list of virtual machines to existing sources available in a Protection Job](#Add-new-list-of-virtual-machines-to-existing-sources-available-in-a-Protection-Job)
  - [Remove Physical and Nas sources from an existing Protection Job](#Remove-Physical-and-Nas-sources-from-an-existing-Protection-Job)
- [Parameters](#parameters)
- [Outputs](#outputs)

## Synopsis
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

This Ansible Module is used to register, remove, start, and stop the Cohesity Protection Job on a Cohesity cluster. Additionally this module can also be used update protection sources in a protection job.  When executed in a playbook, the Cohesity Protection Job is validated and the appropriate state action is applied.

### Requirements
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

* Cohesity DataPlatform running version 6.0 or higher
* Ansible version 2.6 or higher
  * The [Ansible Control Machine](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html#control-machine-requirements) must be a system running one of the following UNIX operating systems: Linux (Red Hat, Debian, CentOS), macOS, or any of the BSDs. Windows is not supported for the Control Machine.
* Python version 2.6 or higher

> **Note:**
  - Currently, the Ansible Module requires Full Cluster Administrator access.

## Syntax
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: <ip or hostname for cohesity cluster>
    username: <username with cluster level permissions>
    password: <password for the selected user>
    validate_certs: <boolean to determine if SSL certificates should be validated>
    state: <state of the Protection Job>
    name: <assigned name of the Protection Job>
    view_name: <name of the view to protect>
    description: <optional description for the job>
    environment: <protection source environment type, for Physical sources this value can be 'Physical' or 'PhysicalFiles'>
    protection_sources: <list of registered protection sources with optional parameters based on the environment>
    protection_policy: <existing protection policy name to assign to the job>
    storage_domain: <existing storage domain name to assign to the job>
    time_zone: <time_zone for the protection job>
    start_time: <time to begin the protection job>
    delete_backups: <boolean to determine if backups be deleted when job removed>
    ondemand_run_type: <backup run type>
    cancel_active: <boolean to determine if an active job should be canceled>
    exclude: <list of vm's or resource pools or folders to be excluded from an existing or new VMware protection job>
    include: <list of vm's or resource pools or folders to be included in an existing or new VMware protection job>
    append_to_existing: <boolean to determine new list of include vms should overwrite or append to existing vms available in the job>
    delete_sources: <boolean to determine list of physical sources to be removed from job.>
```

## Examples
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

### Create a new Physical Server File based Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myhost
    environment: PhysicalFiles
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myhost.domain.lab
        paths:
          - includeFilePath: "/home"
            excludeFilePaths:
              - "/home/Documents"
              - "/home/Music"
            skipNestedVolumes: False
    protection_policy: Bronze
    storage_domain: Default
```

### Create a new VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myvcenter.domain.lab
    protection_policy: Gold
    storage_domain: Default
```

### Create a new VMware Server Protection Job for a set of VMs
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myvcenter.domain.lab
    protection_policy: Gold
    storage_domain: Default
    include:
      - vm1
      - vm2
      - vm3
```

### Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: absent
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware

```

### Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job and remove all Backups
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: absent
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    delete_backups: True

```

### Start an existing VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: started
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware

```

### Stop an actively running VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: stopped
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware

```

### Exclude VMs from an existing VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    exclude:
      - vm1
      - vm2
      - vm3
```

### Create a protection job to protect a Cohesity view
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myview
    environment: View
    view_name: test_view
```

### Create a GenericNas protection job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: protect_nas
    environment: GenericNas
    protection_sources:
       - endpoint: \\10.21.31.137\smb
       - endpoint: 10.21.31.121:/nfs
```

### Remove Physical and Nas sources from an existing Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: Physical
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myhost.domain.lab
    delete_sources: True
```


### Add new list of virtual machines to existing sources available in a Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: protect_vm
    policy: Gold
    storage_domain: "DefaultStorageDomain"
    sources:
      - endpoint: myvcenter.com
    environment: "VMware"
    include: 
      - myvm1
      - myvm2
    exclude:
      - myvm3
    append_to_existing: true
```


## Parameters
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

| Required | Parameters | Type | Choices/Defaults | Comments |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| X | **cluster** | String | | IP or FQDN for the Cohesity cluster |
| X | **username** | String | | Username with which Ansible will connect to the Cohesity cluster (username used to login to cluster from UI). Domain-specific credentials can be configured as <br>- username@domain or domain/username (will be deprecated in future).|
| X | **password** | String | | Password belonging to the selected Username (password used to login to cluster from UI).  This parameter is not logged. |
|   | validate_certs | Boolean | False | Switch that determines whether SSL Validation is enabled. |
|   | state | Choice | -**present**<br>-absent<br>-started<br>-stopped | Determines the state of the Protection Job. |
| X | name | String | | Name to assign to the Protection Job.  Must be unique. |
|   | description | String | | Optional Description to assign to the Protection Job |
| X | environment | Choice | -**PhysicalFiles**<br>-Physical<br>-VMware<br>-GenericNas<br>-View | Specifies the environment type (such as VMware or SQL) of the Protection Job. For Physical sources this value can be 'PhysicalFiles' or 'Physical'. 'PhysicalFiles' for file based and 'Physical' for block based protection jobs |
|   | protection_sources | Array |  | Valid list of dictionaries with endpoint, paths **Required** when *state=present*. |
|   | protection_policy | String | Bronze  | Valid policy name or ID for an existing Protection Policy to be assigned to the job. **Required** when *state=present*. |
|   | storage_domain | String | | Existing Storage Domain with which the Protection Job will be associated. Required when *state=present*. |
|   | time_zone | String | America/Los_Angeles | Specifies the time zone to use when calculating time for this Protection Job (such as the Job start time). The time must be specified in the **Area/Location** format, such as "America/New_York". List of supported timezones can be found using pytz.all_timezones. To install pytz module visit https://pypi.org/project/pytz/ |
|   | start_time | String | | Specifies the registered start time for the Protection Job.  Format must be 24hr time in either the *HHMM* or *HH:MM* style.  If not configured, then Cohesity will automatically select a time. Optional when *state=present*. |
|   | delete_backups | Boolean | False | Specifies whether Snapshots generated by the Protection Job should also be deleted when the Job is deleted. Optional and valid only when *state=absent*. |
|   | ondemand_run_type | Choice | -**Regular**<br>-Full<br>-Log<br>-System | Specifies the type of OnDemand Backup.  Valid only when *state=started*. |
|   | cancel_active | Boolean | False | Specifies whether the Current Running Backup Job is canceled.  If *False*, active jobs are not stopped and a failure is raised. Optional and valid only when *state=stopped* |
|   | paths | Array | | Specifies a list of dictionaries where each element includes includeFilePath, excludeFilePaths, and skipNestedVolumes options. Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles* |
|   | includeFilePath | String | | File path that needs to be backedup (valid for only physical sources, optional for linux and required for windows physical sources, Defaults to "/" for linux sources. Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles*|
|   | excludeFilePaths | Array | | List of file paths that needs to be excluded (valid for only physical sources, optional and defaults to empty list). Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles*|
|   | skipNestedVolumes | Boolean | True | Specifies whether to skip nested mount points. Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles*|
|   | endpoint | String | | Specifies the source ip or hostname **Required** when *state=present*. |
|   | exclude | Array | | List of vm's or resource pools or folders to be excluded from an existing or new VMware protection job. Can be used only when *state=present* | 
|   | include | Array | | List of vm's or resource pools or folders to be included in an existing or new VMware protection job. Can be used only when *state=present* |
|   | view_name | String | | Name of the view to protect. Must be used only when the **environment** is **View** |
|   | append_to_existing | Boolean | | Specifies list of include vms must be added to existing vms in the job or override existing vms. Must be used only when the **environment** is **VMware** and **state** is **present**|
|   | delete_sources | Boolean | | Specifies whether to delete the sources available in the protection job. Must be used only when the **environment** is **Physical or PhysicalFiles or GenericNas** and **state** is **present** |

## Outputs
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

- Returns the registered Protection Job ID

Commit message:

Disable indexing based on playbook inputs
1) After upgrading to 6.5.1 version, customer faced issues while
creating jobs.
2) Indexing is diabled by default.
3) Added new field in the tasks to support diableIndexing

docs/library/cohesity_job.md, after:

# Cohesity Protection Job

[Go back to Documentation home page ](../README.md)

## Table of Contents
- [Synopsis](#synopsis)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Syntax](#syntax)
- [Examples](#examples)
  - [Create a new Physical Server File based Protection Job](#Create-a-new-Physical-Server-File-based-Protection-Job)
  - [Create a new VMware Server Protection Job](#Create-a-new-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Create a new VMware Server Protection Job for a set of VMs](#Create-a-new-VMware-Server-Protection-Job-for-a-set-of-VMs)
  - [Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job](#Remove-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job and remove all Backups](#Remove-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job-and-remove-all-Backups)
  - [Start an existing VMware Server Protection Job](#Start-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Stop an actively running VMware Server Protection Job](#Stop-an-actively-running-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Exclude VMs from an existing VMware Server Protection Job](#Exclude-VMs-from-an-existing-VMware-Server-Protection-Job)
  - [Create a protection job to protect a Cohesity view](#Create-a-protection-job-to-protect-a-Cohesity-view)
  - [Create a GenericNas protection job](#Create-a-GenericNas-protection-job)
  - [Add new list of virtual machines to existing sources available in a Protection Job](#Add-new-list-of-virtual-machines-to-existing-sources-available-in-a-Protection-Job)
  - [Remove Physical and Nas sources from an existing Protection Job](#Remove-Physical-and-Nas-sources-from-an-existing-Protection-Job)
- [Parameters](#parameters)
- [Outputs](#outputs)

## Synopsis
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

This Ansible Module is used to register, remove, start, and stop the Cohesity Protection Job on a Cohesity cluster. Additionally this module can also be used update protection sources in a protection job.  When executed in a playbook, the Cohesity Protection Job is validated and the appropriate state action is applied.

### Requirements
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

* Cohesity DataPlatform running version 6.0 or higher
* Ansible version 2.6 or higher
  * The [Ansible Control Machine](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html#control-machine-requirements) must be a system running one of the following UNIX operating systems: Linux (Red Hat, Debian, CentOS), macOS, or any of the BSDs. Windows is not supported for the Control Machine.
* Python version 2.6 or higher

> **Note:**
  - Currently, the Ansible Module requires Full Cluster Administrator access.

## Syntax
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: <ip or hostname for cohesity cluster>
    username: <username with cluster level permissions>
    password: <password for the selected user>
    validate_certs: <boolean to determine if SSL certificates should be validated>
    state: <state of the Protection Job>
    name: <assigned name of the Protection Job>
    view_name: <name of the view to protect>
    description: <optional description for the job>
    environment: <protection source environment type, for Physical sources this value can be 'Physical' or 'PhysicalFiles'>
    protection_sources: <list of registered protection sources with optional parameters based on the environment>
    protection_policy: <existing protection policy name to assign to the job>
    storage_domain: <existing storage domain name to assign to the job>
    time_zone: <time_zone for the protection job>
    start_time: <time to begin the protection job>
    delete_backups: <boolean to determine if backups be deleted when job removed>
    ondemand_run_type: <backup run type>
    cancel_active: <boolean to determine if an active job should be canceled>
    exclude: <list of vm's or resource pools or folders to be excluded from an existing or new VMware protection job>
    include: <list of vm's or resource pools or folders to be included in an existing or new VMware protection job>
    append_to_existing: <boolean to determine new list of include vms should overwrite or append to existing vms available in the job>
    delete_sources: <boolean to determine list of physical sources to be removed from job.>
```

## Examples
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

### Create a new Physical Server File based Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myhost
    environment: PhysicalFiles
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myhost.domain.lab
        paths:
          - includeFilePath: "/home"
            excludeFilePaths:
              - "/home/Documents"
              - "/home/Music"
            skipNestedVolumes: False
    protection_policy: Bronze
    storage_domain: Default
    disable_indexing: False
    indexing:
      allowed_prefix:
        - /
      denied_prefix:
        - /root
```

### Create a new VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myvcenter.domain.lab
    protection_policy: Gold
    storage_domain: Default
```

### Create a new VMware Server Protection Job for a set of VMs
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myvcenter.domain.lab
    protection_policy: Gold
    storage_domain: Default
    include:
      - vm1
      - vm2
      - vm3
```

### Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: absent
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware

```

### Remove an existing VMware Server Protection Job and remove all Backups
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: absent
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    delete_backups: True

```

### Start an existing VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: started
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware

```

### Stop an actively running VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: stopped
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware

```

### Exclude VMs from an existing VMware Server Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: VMware
    exclude:
      - vm1
      - vm2
      - vm3
```

### Create a protection job to protect a Cohesity view
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myview
    environment: View
    view_name: test_view
```

### Create a GenericNas protection job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: protect_nas
    environment: GenericNas
    protection_sources:
       - endpoint: \\10.21.31.137\smb
       - endpoint: 10.21.31.121:/nfs
```

### Remove Physical and Nas sources from an existing Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: myvcenter
    environment: Physical
    protection_sources:
      - endpoint: myhost.domain.lab
    delete_sources: True
```


### Add new list of virtual machines to existing sources available in a Protection Job
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

```yaml
- cohesity_job:
    cluster: cohesity.lab
    username: admin
    password: password
    state: present
    name: protect_vm
    policy: Gold
    storage_domain: "DefaultStorageDomain"
    sources:
      - endpoint: myvcenter.com
    environment: "VMware"
    include: 
      - myvm1
      - myvm2
    exclude:
      - myvm3
    append_to_existing: true
```


## Parameters
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

| Required | Parameters | Type | Choices/Defaults | Comments |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| X | **cluster** | String | | IP or FQDN for the Cohesity cluster |
| X | **username** | String | | Username with which Ansible will connect to the Cohesity cluster (username used to login to cluster from UI). Domain-specific credentials can be configured as <br>- username@domain or domain/username (will be deprecated in future).|
| X | **password** | String | | Password belonging to the selected Username (password used to login to cluster from UI).  This parameter is not logged. |
|   | validate_certs | Boolean | False | Switch that determines whether SSL Validation is enabled. |
|   | state | Choice | -**present**<br>-absent<br>-started<br>-stopped | Determines the state of the Protection Job. |
| X | name | String | | Name to assign to the Protection Job.  Must be unique. |
|   | description | String | | Optional Description to assign to the Protection Job |
| X | environment | Choice | -**PhysicalFiles**<br>-Physical<br>-VMware<br>-GenericNas<br>-View | Specifies the environment type (such as VMware or SQL) of the Protection Job. For Physical sources this value can be 'PhysicalFiles' or 'Physical'. 'PhysicalFiles' for file based and 'Physical' for block based protection jobs |
|   | protection_sources | Array |  | Valid list of dictionaries with endpoint, paths **Required** when *state=present*. |
|   | protection_policy | String | Bronze  | Valid policy name or ID for an existing Protection Policy to be assigned to the job. **Required** when *state=present*. |
|   | storage_domain | String | | Existing Storage Domain with which the Protection Job will be associated. Required when *state=present*. |
|   | time_zone | String | America/Los_Angeles | Specifies the time zone to use when calculating time for this Protection Job (such as the Job start time). The time must be specified in the **Area/Location** format, such as "America/New_York". List of supported timezones can be found using pytz.all_timezones. To install pytz module visit https://pypi.org/project/pytz/ |
|   | start_time | String | | Specifies the registered start time for the Protection Job.  Format must be 24hr time in either the *HHMM* or *HH:MM* style.  If not configured, then Cohesity will automatically select a time. Optional when *state=present*. |
|   | delete_backups | Boolean | False | Specifies whether Snapshots generated by the Protection Job should also be deleted when the Job is deleted. Optional and valid only when *state=absent*. |
|   | ondemand_run_type | Choice | -**Regular**<br>-Full<br>-Log<br>-System | Specifies the type of OnDemand Backup.  Valid only when *state=started*. |
|   | cancel_active | Boolean | False | Specifies whether the Current Running Backup Job is canceled.  If *False*, active jobs are not stopped and a failure is raised. Optional and valid only when *state=stopped* |
|   | paths | Array | | Specifies a list of dictionaries where each element includes includeFilePath, excludeFilePaths, and skipNestedVolumes options. Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles* |
|   | includeFilePath | String | | File path that needs to be backedup (valid for only physical sources, optional for linux and required for windows physical sources, Defaults to "/" for linux sources. Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles*|
|   | excludeFilePaths | Array | | List of file paths that needs to be excluded (valid for only physical sources, optional and defaults to empty list). Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles*|
|   | skipNestedVolumes | Boolean | True | Specifies whether to skip nested mount points. Should be used only when *environment=PhysicalFiles*|
|   | endpoint | String | | Specifies the source ip or hostname **Required** when *state=present*. |
|   | exclude | Array | | List of vm's or resource pools or folders to be excluded from an existing or new VMware protection job. Can be used only when *state=present* | 
|   | include | Array | | List of vm's or resource pools or folders to be included in an existing or new VMware protection job. Can be used only when *state=present* |
|   | view_name | String | | Name of the view to protect. Must be used only when the **environment** is **View** |
|   | append_to_existing | Boolean | | Specifies list of include vms must be added to existing vms in the job or override existing vms. Must be used only when the **environment** is **VMware** and **state** is **present**|
|   | delete_sources | Boolean | | Specifies whether to delete the sources available in the protection job. Must be used only when the **environment** is **Physical or PhysicalFiles or GenericNas** and **state** is **present** |
|   | disable_indexing | Boolean | | Specifies whether to disable indexing while job creation. By default, indexing is enabled. Can be used only when *state=present* |
|   | indexing | Dictionary | | Contains list of prefix to be allowed/denied for indexing. By default, allowed_prefix value contians '/' and denied_prefix following paths /$Recycle.Bin, /Windows, /Program Files, /Program Files (x86), /ProgramData, /System Volume Information, /Users/*/AppData, /Recovery, /var, /usr, /sys, /proc, /lib, /grub, /grub2, /opt, /splunk. Can be used only when *state=present* and *disable_indexing=False*. Incase of existing jobs, job update will override the existing indexing prefixes with allowed_prefix/denied_prefix provided.|

## Outputs
[top](#cohesity-protection-job)

- Returns the registered Protection Job ID
