README.md, before:

<!--
  Title: Cohesity Ansible Role
  Description: This project provides a Ansible role for interacting with the Cohesity DataPlatform
  Author: Cohesity Inc
  -->
# Cohesity Ansible Role

![](docs/assets/images/cohesity_ansible.png)

## Overview
[![License: Apache2](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg?style=popout)](https://github.com/cohesity/cohesity-ansible-role/blob/master/LICENSE)

This project provides an Ansible role for interacting with the [Cohesity DataPlatform](https://www.cohesity.com/products/data-platform).

This Ansible role can be used on Windows, Linux or MacOS leveraging Python.

It includes modules, tasks, and example plays useful for automating common tasks and orchestrating workflows in your environment.

This Ansible role leverages Cohesity REST API to interact with the Cohesity Cluster.

## Documentation

* [Online reference for Cohesity Ansible Role](https://cohesity.github.io/cohesity-ansible-role).

## Suggestions and Feedback

We would love to hear from you. Please send your suggestions and feedback to: [cohesity-api-sdks@cohesity.com](mailto:cohesity-api-sdks@cohesity.com)

## License

Apache 2.0

Commit message:

added documentation for new modueles, readme and contri guide

README.md, after:

<!--
  Title: Cohesity Ansible Role
  Description: This project provides a Ansible role for interacting with the Cohesity DataPlatform
  Author: Cohesity Inc
  -->
# Cohesity Ansible Role

![](docs/assets/images/cohesity_ansible.png)

## Overview
[![License: Apache2](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg?style=popout)](https://github.com/cohesity/cohesity-ansible-role/blob/master/LICENSE)

This project provides an Ansible role for interacting with the [Cohesity DataPlatform](https://www.cohesity.com/products/data-platform).

This Ansible role can be used on Windows, Linux or MacOS leveraging Python.

It includes modules, tasks, and example plays useful for automating common tasks and orchestrating workflows in your environment.

This Ansible role leverages Cohesity REST API to interact with the Cohesity Cluster.

## Table of contents :scroll:

 - [Getting Started](#get-started)
 - [More samples](#example)
 - [How can you contribute](#contribute)
 - [Suggestions and Feedback](#suggest)


## <a name="get-started"></a> Let's get started :hammer_and_pick:

* [Online reference for Cohesity Ansible Role](https://cohesity.github.io/cohesity-ansible-role).

## <a name="examples"></a> Some samples to get you going :bulb:

* Refer [`examples`](./examples) folder to find more examples.
* More samples can be found [here](https://cohesity.github.io/cohesity-ansible-role/#/README) under Examples section

## <a name="contribute"></a> Contribute :handshake:

* [Refer our contribution guideline](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## <a name="suggest"></a> Suggestions and Feedback :raised_hand:

We would love to hear from you. Please send your suggestions and feedback to: [cohesity-api-sdks@cohesity.com](mailto:cohesity-api-sdks@cohesity.com)

## License

Apache 2.0
